Module-1 (ST-Introduction & Fundamentals)

1. What is SDLC.
-> The Software developement Life Cycle(SDLC) is a Structured Process that enables the production
   of high quality, low-cost software in the sortest possible production time. 
   - There are 7 types of SDLC.

2. What is software testing?
-> Software Testing is a process used to identify the correctness,completeness, and quality of developed
   computer software.

3. What is agile methodology?
->  Agile SDLC model is a combination of iterative and incremental process models with focus on process
    adaptability and customer satisfaction by rapid delivery of working software product. 

4. What is SRS.
-> A software requirements specification is a document that describes what the software will do and how it
   will be expected to perform.

5. What is oops.
->  Object-oriented programming is a programming model based on the concept of objects which can
    contain data in the form of fields and code in the form of procedures. 

6. Write Basic Concepts of oops.
->  Object
    Class
    Encapsulation
    Inheritance
    Polymorphism
    Abstraction 

7. What is object.
-> A object is a Smallest entity or unit of any application or system.

8. What is class.
-> class is an extensible program-code-template for creating objects, providing initial values for state and
implementations of behavior. 

9. What is encapsulation.
-> Encapsulation is the practice of including in an object everything
   it needs hidden from other objects. 

10. What is inheritance.
->  Inheritance means that one class inherits the characteristics of
    another class. 
11. What is polymorphism.
-> Polymorphism means having many forms. It allows different objects to respond to the same message
   in different ways the response specific to the type of the object.

12. Write SDLC phases with basic introduction.
-> SDLC is a structure imposed on the development of a software product that defines the process for
   planning, implementation, testing,documentation,deployment, and ongoing maintenance and support.
   - There are Six phases in SDLC :
   (1) Requirements : Establish Customer Needs
   (2) Analysis : Model And Specify the requirements
   (3) Design : Model And Specify a Solution
   (4) Implementation : Construct a Solution In Software
   (5) Testing : Validate the solution against the requirements
   (6) Maintenance : Repair defects and adapt the solution to the new requirements 

13. Explain Phases of the waterfall model.
-> The Waterfall Model has Seven phases which are:
   1. Requirements: The first phase involves gathering requirements from stakeholders.
   2.Analysis: analyzing them to understand the scope and objectives of the project.
   3. Design: Once the requirements are understood, the design phase begins. This involves creating a
              detailed design document that outlines the software architecture, user interface, and system components.
   4. Coding: The Development phase include implementation involves coding the software based on the
              design specifications. This phase also includes unit testing to ensure that each component of the software
              is working as expected.
   5. Testing: In the testing phase, the software is tested as a whole to ensure that it meets the
               requirements and is free from defects.
   6. Deployment: Once the software has been tested and approved, it is deployed to the production
                  environment.
   7. Maintenance: The final phase of the Waterfall Model is maintenance, which involves fixing any
                   issues that arise after the software has been deployed and ensuring that it continues to meet the
                   requirements over time. 

14. Write phases of spiral model.
-> The Spiral Model is a risk-driven model, meaning that the focus is on managing risk through multiple
   iterations of the software development process. It consists of the following phases:

	1.Planning: The first phase of the Spiral Model is the planning phase, where the scope of the project is
	            determined and a plan is created for the next iteration of the spiral.
	2.Risk Analysis: In the risk analysis phase, the risks associated with the project are identified and evaluated.
	3.Engineering: In the engineering phase, the software is developed based on the requirements gathered
	               in the previous iteration.
	4.Evaluation: In the evaluation phase, the software is evaluated to determine if it meets the customer’s
	              requirements and if it is of high quality.
	5.Planning: The next iteration of the spiral begins with a new planning phase, based on the results of the evaluation.
 
15. Write 7 key principles.
-> 1.Testing shows presence of Defects
   2. Exhaustive Testing is Impossible!
   3. Early Testing
   4. Defect Clustering
   5. The Pesticide Paradox
   6. Testing is Context Dependent
   7. Absence of Errors Fallacy

16. Explain working methodology of agile model and also write pros and cons.
-> Agile SDLC model is a combination of iterative and incremental
   process models with focus on process adaptability and customer satisfaction by rapid delivery of working software product.
    - Agile Methods break the product into small incremental builds.
    - These builds are provided in iterations. 

Pros:-
- It is a very realistic approach to software development
- Promotes teamwork and cross training.
- Functionality can be developed rapidly and demonstrated.
- Resource requirements are minimum.
- Suitable for fixed or changing requirements 

Cons :-
- Not suitable for handling complex dependencies.
- More risk of sustainability, maintainability and extensibility.
- An overall plan, an agile leader and agile PM practice is a must without
  which it will not work.
- Strict delivery management dictates the scope, functionality to be
  delivered, and adjustments to meet the deadlines.
- Depends heavily on customer interaction, so if customer is not clear, team can be driven in the wrong
  direction.